fix(components, docs): fix `post-accordion` design discrepancies and remove or update `post-accordion-item` parts (#6676)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/sweet-grapes-run.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-components': patch
---

> Fixed the `post-accordion-item` button arrow, by turning it by 180 degree, so it meets the design requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed the `post-accordion-item` button arrow by rotating it 180 degrees so it meets the design requirements.
```
